c:\Projects-Learn\2025-Jan-CSharpDotNetRevision\LP_UnderstandAspNetCoreFundementals\New Empty\MyWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Projects-Learn\2025-Jan-CSharpDotNetRevision\LP_UnderstandAspNetCoreFundementals\New Empty\MyWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Projects-Learn\2025-Jan-CSharpDotNetRevision\LP_UnderstandAspNetCoreFundementals\New Empty\MyWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\MyWebApp.exe
c:\Projects-Learn\2025-Jan-CSharpDotNetRevision\LP_UnderstandAspNetCoreFundementals\New Empty\MyWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\MyWebApp.deps.json
c:\Projects-Learn\2025-Jan-CSharpDotNetRevision\LP_UnderstandAspNetCoreFundementals\New Empty\MyWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\MyWebApp.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Projects-Learn\2025-Jan-CSharpDotNetRevision\LP_UnderstandAspNetCoreFundementals\New Empty\MyWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\MyWebApp.dll
c:\Projects-Learn\2025-Jan-CSharpDotNetRevision\LP_UnderstandAspNetCoreFundementals\New Empty\MyWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\MyWebApp.pdb
c:\Projects-Learn\2025-Jan-CSharpDotNetRevision\LP_UnderstandAspNetCoreFundementals\New Empty\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\MyWebApp.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Projects-Learn\2025-Jan-CSharpDotNetRevision\LP_UnderstandAspNetCoreFundementals\New Empty\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\MyWebApp.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Projects-Learn\2025-Jan-CSharpDotNetRevision\LP_UnderstandAspNetCoreFundementals\New Empty\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\MyWebApp.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Projects-Learn\2025-Jan-CSharpDotNetRevision\LP_UnderstandAspNetCoreFundementals\New Empty\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\MyWebApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Projects-Learn\2025-Jan-CSharpDotNetRevision\LP_UnderstandAspNetCoreFundementals\New Empty\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\MyWebApp.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Projects-Learn\2025-Jan-CSharpDotNetRevision\LP_UnderstandAspNetCoreFundementals\New Empty\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Projects-Learn\2025-Jan-CSharpDotNetRevision\LP_UnderstandAspNetCoreFundementals\New Empty\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Projects-Learn\2025-Jan-CSharpDotNetRevision\LP_UnderstandAspNetCoreFundementals\New Empty\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.MyWebApp.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Projects-Learn\2025-Jan-CSharpDotNetRevision\LP_UnderstandAspNetCoreFundementals\New Empty\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.MyWebApp.props
c:\Projects-Learn\2025-Jan-CSharpDotNetRevision\LP_UnderstandAspNetCoreFundementals\New Empty\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.MyWebApp.props
c:\Projects-Learn\2025-Jan-CSharpDotNetRevision\LP_UnderstandAspNetCoreFundementals\New Empty\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.MyWebApp.props
c:\Projects-Learn\2025-Jan-CSharpDotNetRevision\LP_UnderstandAspNetCoreFundementals\New Empty\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Projects-Learn\2025-Jan-CSharpDotNetRevision\LP_UnderstandAspNetCoreFundementals\New Empty\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\MyWebApp.styles.css
c:\Projects-Learn\2025-Jan-CSharpDotNetRevision\LP_UnderstandAspNetCoreFundementals\New Empty\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\MyWebApp.dll
c:\Projects-Learn\2025-Jan-CSharpDotNetRevision\LP_UnderstandAspNetCoreFundementals\New Empty\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\MyWebApp.dll
c:\Projects-Learn\2025-Jan-CSharpDotNetRevision\LP_UnderstandAspNetCoreFundementals\New Empty\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\MyWebApp.pdb
c:\Projects-Learn\2025-Jan-CSharpDotNetRevision\LP_UnderstandAspNetCoreFundementals\New Empty\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\MyWebApp.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Projects-Learn\2025-Jan-CSharpDotNetRevision\LP_UnderstandAspNetCoreFundementals\New Empty\MyWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\MyWebApp.dll
